1) Eclipse download from eclipse.org
2) unzip
3) create shortcut for eclipse application (to desktop)
4) drag and drop the desktop shortcut to task bar (pin to taskbar)
--------------
GIT
------
In software centre, search for GIT
and install latest git version.

after installation, go to cmd: and type:
	git --version


Eclipse - some useful shortcuts

1) ctrl + d		to remove a line
2) ctrl + /		toggle	to comment or uncomment a line
3) ctrl + shift + /	for multi-line comment		(select mutliple lines and do)
4) ctrl + shift + \	to un-comment (multi)
5) ctrl + shift + o	manage imports		
			whichever is not imported, are imported
			unused imports are removed
			if multiple packages are found, it will show options to choose
6) ctrl + space	always to check auto completion of available options
7) syso	ctrl + space		System.out.println
    sout	ctrl + space		System.out.println
8) for proper indentation of format:
	ctrl + shift + f		(even if we do not select the code. entire document is formated properly)
	ctrl + i			(only selected lines are indented)
9) ctrl + F11	to run a program
------------------------------------------------
GIT
	version control
		when multiple people work on same project, they contribute to the same project.
		ex: one person is creating Employee.java	another person is creating EmployeeService.java
		version control, allow us to track who has done which line of code in the same program.

	collaborate
		multiple users can collaborate 
	
	repository
		storage. we can create a repository and invite collaborators
		local repository		(is our folder in our computer)
		remote repository		(is in git server)

		push	=	local to remote
		pull	=	remote to local
		merge		the branches

	branch
		we can push contents using different branches.


	we can sync one of our folder in our computer to a repository.
		
you can signup to github.com



gitlab.com
gitbucket.com
github.com

---------------------------------------------------------
ternary operator
	?:

if(a>b)
	x=a;
else
	x=b;

the above can be done as:

x=(a>b)?a:b;




getters and setter
constructors
toString method
equals, hashCode methods

POJO
-------
	Plain Old Java Objects
	a simple java class that do not inherit or implement anything
	

guidelines:
	it is always not good to create public variables.
	it is good to have private variables in a class level. Otherwise, "default" scope can be fine. "protected" can be fine.
	Simply, a variable inside a class can be "non public" data member.

Remind me for :	Access Specifiers, Constructor, Date	

	
What is encapsulation?
	wrap the data and method inside a class
	hide data members
	restrict direct access to the variables. And provide access to variables using "getters" or "setters" or both.
	
If a variable has a getter only it is called as a "read-only" property
If a variable has a setter only it is called as a "write-only" property
if a variable has both getter and setter then it is a "property"
if a variable do not have getter or setter then it is not a property. 	it is just a variable

class level variables are instance variables 	(unless it is not static)
this.variableName is used to refer to the instance variable

this	is a reference to the current object of this class


Employee
	id
	name
	marks
	

1) no arg constructor
2) all arg constructor
3) getters and setters
4) toString

----------------------
Task:
Open Java Mock 11 
and create the College class as per instructions given.

Date joiningDate=new Date();
